Shinei Nouzen

Name/Aliases: Shinei Nouzen
	      Shin
	      Undertaker
	      Reaper
	      Báleygr

Birthday: May 19th 351

Age: 18

Gender: Male

Height: 175 cm

Eyes: Bloodred

Hair: Jet-Black

Relatives: Seiei Nouzen (Grandfather)
	         Gelda Maika (Grandmother)
	         Reisha Nouzen (Father)
	         Yuuna Nouzen (Mother)
	         Shourei Nouzen (Elder Brother
	         Kiriya Nouzen (Distant Cousin)
	         Ernst Zimmerman (Adoptive Father)

Relationships: Vladilena Milizé (Girlfriend)
	       Fido (Pet)

Occupation: Processor

Military Rank: Captain

Background: Born on May 19th in Republic Year 351, Shin lived with his family in the First Sector of the Republic before the war with the Giadian Empire began. It is implied he lived a sheltered life, surrounded by "only kindness and affection". He also appeared to have developed his extrasensory ability early on, hearing "voices that spoke without words" from his family. He would often play with the daughter of his father's colleague, Henrietta von Penrose, whom Shin called Rita. Shin and his family were forced to relocate to an internment camp when the war began due to the Republic's discriminatory policies. Shin's father was first to enlist in the Republic military, accepting the Republic's promise that Shin and the rest of his family would have their rights restored in exchange for military service. Despite this, the Republic does not uphold its promise. Upon delivering the news of Shin's father's death, it informs Shin's mother that the military service was in exchange for only one person's citizenship. Continuing to trust the Republic, Shin's mother also enlists to protect her sons, leaving eight-year-old Shin and his eighteen-year-old brother Shourei in the care of an Adularia priest, a friend of the Nouzens who had resisted the Republic's policies and remained in the village-turned-internment-camp's church. Shortly afterward, Rei receives notice of his mother's death on the battlefield and an enlistment form for him, proving the Republic's promise to be a lie. Shin, to whom the concept of death was not yet comprehensible, implores Rei to explain why their mother would not be returning. Shin's pleas caused the grieving and frustrated Rei to snap and choke Shin in a fit of violent rage. Rei brings Shin to the brink of death before the priest intervenes and resuscitates him. Shin is left with a jagged scar around his neck as a reminder of his brother's hatred. The near-death experience also opens Shin's telepathic ability to a broader range of human consciousnesses, including those of the Legion, by temporarily experiencing the post-mortem collective consciousness of humanity. Rei avoids Shin after the incident and refuses to say farewell or even glance at Shin when he enlists and leaves Shin behind with the priest. Four years after Rei's enlistment, Shin hears his brother's voice among the laments of the Legion and realizes that Rei is dead. On that day, Shin enlists with the military and becomes a Processor.

