Viktor Idinarohk

Name/Aliases: Viktor Idinarohk
	      Vika
	      Vika The King of Corpses
	      The Serpent of Shackles and Decay
	      Gadyuka
	      Hveðrungr

Birthday: -

Age: 18

Gender: Male

Height: -

Eyes: Amethyst

Hair: Reddish-Black

Relatives: "Stanya" Idinarohk (Father)
	   Mariana Idinarohk
	   Svetlana Idinarohk (Aunt)
	   Zafar Idinarohk (Elder Brother)
	   Boris Idinarohk (Elder Half-Brother)

Relationships: Lerche (Creation)

Occupation: Prince

Military Rank: Lieutenant Colonel

Background: Vika was born as the current generation's Amethystus, succeeding Svetlana Idinarohk. As an Amethystus, he was granted an Extrasensory perception which augmented his intellect and creativity. His mother passed away shortly after giving birth to him. When he was five years old, he desired to meet her. Thus, using his abilities as an Amethystus, he devoted his time to bringing her back to life. In the end, he deemed his work to be a failure. Soon after, the Kingdom became aware of his actions and he was stripped of his succession rights for desecrating his mother's corpse. He hadn't given up however; he uploaded all of his research to the public network, including an AI based on his mother's brain. Through uploading his data on the net, he was contacted by Major Zelene Birkenbaum of the Giadian Empire. Zelene recognized his work and used the Mariana Model AI he developed as the basis for the Legion. After war broke out with the Empire, many criticized and blamed Vika for the conflict. In order to combat the Legion, he created the Sirins, Artificial Fairies made from the brain structures of deceased combatants. These Sirins pilot the semi-autonomous Alkonosts and would make up fifty percent of Vika's 1st Armored Corps. Lerche, one of the Sirins, serves as his personal attendant and retainer. His actions gained him unsavory monikers within the United Kingdom, such as "The King of Corpses" and "The Serpent of Shackles and Decay". He would eventually be sent to command the southern front, waging war with the Legion nested in the Dragon Corpse Mountain Range.

