Vladilena Milizé

Name/Aliases: Vladilena Milizé
     	      Vladilena Milize
	      Lena
	      Handler One
	      Bloody Reina
	      Bloody Regina
	      The Bloodstained Queen

Birthday: July 12th 351

Age: 18

Gender: Female

Height: 160 cm

Eyes: Silver

Hair: Silver

Relatives: Vaclav Milizé (Father)
     	   Margareta Milizé (Mother)
           Jérôme Karlstahl (Uncle/Family Friend)

Relationships: Shinei Nouzen (Boyfriend)
	       Henrietta von Penrose (Friend)
     	       TP (Pet)

Occupation: Handler

Military Rank: Colonel
     
     
Background: Lena was born into the former noble household of Milizé. After an encounter with the Eighty-Six outside the Eighty-Five Sectors when she was 10, Lena dedicated herself to becoming a Handler to assist the Eighty-Six on the frontlines. Her determination resulted in her skipping multiple grades, graduating at the top of her class, and becoming a major at the young age of 16. In the military, she has a reputation for effectively leading the Juggernaut squadrons. She has excellent tactical ability and can analyze combat data to determine the Legion's reinforcement rates. Lena exhibits a disregard for social opinions she deems immoral or useless. Despite taunts and jeers from other Handlers who dislike her close relationship with the Processors under her command due to their belief that they are traitorous sub-humans, Lena maintains her daily communications and puts in an effort to develop closer bonds with her squadrons. She remains steadfast in her opinion that the Eighty-Six can no longer be viewed as traitors due to the Giadian Empire having assumed to have fallen. Her mother's focus on social status and bloodlines, as well as the insistence—that, as the daughter of the Milizé family, Lena should resign from the army and marry another noble—are disdainful to Lena. Lena believes that the war is far more important than trivialities regarding marriage and social standing. Such ignorance towards the war from citizens of the Republic annoys Lena, who has witnessed the cruelty that allows the people of the Eighty-Five Sectors to maintain their lifestyle. Lena's sheltered upbringing and her isolation from her peers due to her rapid advancement to become a Handler have resulted in her being naïve. She believes that she can spout her outlandish ideals to the Republic without the fear of her punishment. Lena can also be authoritative when necessary and can use unscrupulous methods—such as guilt-tripping, bribing, and using physical threats—to achieve an objective. Though she is educated in social etiquette, she lacks friends besides Annette because she has outstripped all other peers in terms of education. At the same time, her noble lifestyle gives her no chance to learn basic skills such as sewing.

