Federal Republic of Giad

	The Federacy is a country that was created after downfall of the Giadian Empire and the country which gave the Spearhead Squadron asylum after their escape from the Republic. Its capital city is Sankt Jeder.

Flag - The national symbol of Giad is a two-headed eagle, which can be found on the nation's flag and coat of arms. "Glory to the two-headed eagle" is a common salute amongst the Federacy's military.

Ethnicities - As a former empire, the Federal Republic of Giad is ethnically and racially diverse. While the groups that dominated the region were the Rubela and the Aquila, other races were not prohibited from holding high positions in society, such as noble status. The Rantz Clan was an example of Alba nobility within the old empire. The nobility which sided with the Federacy during the revolution, while stripped of their taxation rights, still played a key role in the nation. The Onyx Clans still served as military leaders and nobles with large production companies were the backbone of the war effort. Minor nobles without much contribution to society were less fortunate, often ostracized by the commonfolk. While the Federacy maintained the tolerance shown in its Imperial days, it was not perfect in its equality. The old warrior-class slaves of the Vargus were denied citizenship into the new nation, due to their stigma as untamed savages.

Language - Giad's national language is what would be considered modern English (although it is unknown if they call the language by that name), much like the rest of the continent. Due to the diversity present in the nation, other languages and writing scripts are used along side the official language by certain minorities, such as a Japanese-like script seen in the borderlands of the old Imperial territories. While they speak the same language as San Magnolia, Roa Gracia, and Wald, there are dialectal differences between the nations.

Founding - After the Empire's declaration of war against its neighboring nations, a revolution against the Empire's government broke out. Defeating the Empire and deposing the royal family, the revolutionaries created a new republic that incorporated all the former states of the Empire. The new government was led by the revolutionary leader Ernst Zimmerman, who became interim president. Despite the victory, the newly founded Federacy was forced to continue facing the Legion due to the refusal of the Empire's military to surrender. The stubborn imperial defense resulted in no officer alive that was of high enough rank to call off the Legion assaults. Since the end of the revolution, the Federacy has been slowly retaking the territory lost to the Legion, though at a terrible cost in lives and material. Up until the arrival of several soldiers of the Spearhead Squadron from the Republic of San Magnolia, the Federacy had had little contact with neighboring nations, though the destruction of the Empire had already been detected by at least the Republic. A later offensive would allow for communications to be opened with the United Kingdom of Roa Gracia and the Alliance of Wald.

Military – The Federacy's military does not enforce conscription; instead, there are a number of incentive programs in order to ensure they were constantly supplied with fresh personnel during the war with the Legion. One such program eased the entry-barrier of becoming a commissioned officer; instead of requiring a higher education, only the minimal secondary education was required along with a special training program. These officers would then be required to obtain higher education throughout their military career.

Equipment – M4A3 Vánagandr
			XM2 Reginleif

Trivia - Giad is heavily inspired by Germany in various stages of its history, the Empire being inspired by Germany's many empires (the Holy Roman Empire, German Empire, and to an extent the Austro-Hungarian Empire) while the Federal Republic was inspired by the Federal Republic of Germany. The two-headed eagle may be a reference to the Reichsadler, a prominent symbol of Germany and Austria-Hungary. The symbol is still used to this day by Germany under the name of the Bundesadler.

