Republic of San Magnolia

	The Republic is a country located on the western edge of the continent and was the first nation to transition towards democracy after a brutal revolution. Its capital city is Liberté et Égalité.

Flag - The Republic of San Magnolia's "five-hued" flag consists of the country's crest imposed on five stripes, each a different color: blue, red, white, black, and yellow. Each color represents one of the Republic's main moral principles: freedom, equality, brotherhood, justice, and nobility. The flag drawn on a barrack wall in the Spearhead Squadron's base is reversed vertically and horizontally, which Lena attributes to the Republic's sins against the Eighty-Six: oppression, discrimination, intolerance, atrocity, and vulgarity.

Ethnicities - The Republic initially prided itself on being a nation of diverse cultures accepting to all different races. While the open immigration policies meant many different ethnic groups, collectively called the Colorata, settled within its borders, the Republic's population remained majority Alba. Immigrants also seemed to have some difficulty in upward mobility in social classes as few of the Colorata lived in upper class districts of the Republic's capital even before the outbreak of war. The Colorata families that did live in these districts likely were of noble lineage, such as that of Shinei Nouzen's. The presence of long lines of nobility in the upper class three hundred years after the fall of the monarchy, even of smaller lines like that of Vladilena Milizé, may also be a hint that the class society of the country has not changed as much as the Republic would like to think. As of modern times, the Alba rule the nation while the Colorata are treated as no more than livestock.

Language - San Magnolia's national language is what would be considered modern English (although it is unknown if they call the language by that name), much like the rest of the continent. They write in the standard Latin script and are not taught other scripts such as a Japanese-like script seen in the borderlands of the old Imperial territories. While they speak the same language as Giad, Roa Gracia, and Wald, there are dialectal differences between the nations.

Founding - The Republic of San Magnolia was once a monarchy. This kingdom ruled over the land's native people, the Alba, and a subset of Alba known as Celena were its nobility. Over three hundred years ago, in Republic Year 1 (Stellar Year 1782), the monarchy was toppled in a democratic revolution and the Republic, the world's first modern democracy, was founded to replace it. The revolution was led by a woman who would later be called San Magnolia, whose martyrdom resulted in her becoming the namesake of the Republic.

Military – The Republic lagged behind other countries in many fields, including the military. While most countries on the continent had already adopted Feldreß into their armed forces, the Republic Armed Forces still relied on traditional land vehicles. When the war against the Giadian Empire began, the Republic Armed Forces were completely wiped out within weeks. Consequently, the government decided to impose extreme, racist measures to rebuild its military, by stripping their Colorata populations of their citizenship, relocating them to internment camps and forcing them to fight the war on the behalf of the Alba population.

Equipment - M1A4 Juggernaut
			M101 Barrett/Scavenger

Trivia - The area of the Republic and the Eighty-Sixth Sector combined is approximately 132,603 km2.This would be nearly equivalent to the size of England. The Republic of San Magnolia has clear similarities to several republics such as France, with the capital being named Liberté et Égalité, which is taken from the French national motto "Liberté, égalité, fraternité." The United States is also alluded to as the Wartime Peace Preservation Act, Presidential Order #6609 is a reference to Executive Order 9066. Asato also clearly indicates Nazi Germany (which itself was the Weimar Republic before Hitler's rise to power) and the Final Solution as a template for the Republic's atrocities. Magnolia flowers, the namesake of the Republic of San Magnolia, are also the state flower of many states in the American South and is the national flower of North Korea. A possible reference to the historical use of slavery of the South and the authoritarian regime of North Korea.

