United Kingdom of Roa Gracia

	The United Kingdom is the last surviving despotic monarchy on the continent, located in the Dragon Corpse Mountain Range. It is ruled by the Idinarohk dynasty and its capital is Arcs Styrie.

Flag - The nation's coat of arms consists of two unicorns flanking a shield and crown. The unicorn is the national symbol of Roa Gracia, while the crown would represent the Idinarohk dynasty.

Ethnicities - The nation's principal racial group are the Viola, which make up the middle and noble classes. The working class is comprised of serfs of various races from conquered territories. Despite calling them serfs, living conditions for them are not terrible. The classes are free to mingle and there is rarely unrest between them. There are cases of fairly high ranking positions at the royal palace filled with those of the serf class, examples include an Emeraud Chamberlain and the fifth prince's milk sister.

Language - Roa Gracia's national language is what would be considered modern English (although it is unknown if they call the language by that name), much like the rest of the continent. Due to the diversity present in the nation, other languages are spoken along side or in place of the official language by those of the serf class. While they speak the same language as San Magnolia, Giad, and Wald, there are dialectal differences between the nations.

Military ñ In the United Kingdom, the military hasómore often than notóbeen the domain of the nobility. The Viola are obligated to defend the country and enlist in wartime, while the other races fulfil their obligation to the country through production work. In recent times, however, more serfs have been encouraged to volunteer due to a lack of manpower. While they mostly understood it was necessary, some of the Viola opposed the introduction of serfs into the military, claiming that defending the nation was solely their right and obligation. Unlike the Vargus of the Federacy, the serfs are allowed to enter officer academies and haveóon paperóthe same privileges as their Viola compatriots. In practice, there is a clear difference in rank and station between the Viola veterans and the greenhorn serfs. Aside from human combatants, the United Kingdom fields a force of artificial intelligence known as the Sirins, which comprise of roughly half of the United Kingdom's armored forces. As for their equipment, the United Kingdom specifically designs their Feldreﬂ with cold temperatures in mind. Both of their mainstay FeldreB are designed for winter warfare, optimizing for mobility on snow and ice. The Southern Front of the nation was led by the fifth prince Viktor Idinarohk and his 1st Armored Corps. Following the success of the Dragon Fang Mountain Operation and the expulsion of the Legion from the plains connecting the United Kingdom with its collaborating nations, Viktor Idinarohk and his unit was sent as the nation's representatives for the Eighty-Sixth Strike Package.

Equipment ñ Alkonost
	    Barushka Matushka
